[Task #960] Introduce a feature flag management system (#166)
infinum/default_rails_template: README.md

### Flipper

This template uses Flipper for feature flag management. There are two ways for Flipper to function: **Cloud** and **Cloudless(Self-hosted)**. This template sets up Flipper cloudless as free tier of Flipper Cloud does not cover the basic use case for our projects. 

#### Flipper Cloudless setup

Flipper Cloudless does not provide a dashboard and as such we are adding `flipper-ui` for the dashboard. In order to properly set up Flipper UI with basic authentication we need to set up two secrets:

- `flipper_username`
- `flipper_password`

#### Flipper Cloud setup

> But, if we want Flipper to be communicating with Flipper cloud there are a couple of secrets that need to be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want Flipper to be communicating with Flipper cloud we need to set these secrets:
```
